Recurssion:
- A function that calls itself is called a recursive function.
- A recursive function must have a base case that stops the recursion, otherwise it will continue indefinitely and cause a stack overflow.
- The base case is the condition under which the function will stop calling itself and return a value.
- Recursive functions can be used to solve problems that can be broken down into smaller, similar subproblems, such as calculating the factorial of a number or traversing a tree data structure.
Example of a recursive function to calculate the factorial of a number:


Types of Recurssion:
1. Direct Recursion: A function that calls itself directly.
2. Indirect Recursion: A function that calls another function, which in turn calls the original function.
3. Tail Recursion: A recursive function where the recursive call is the last operation performed in the function.
4. Head Recursion: A recursive function where the recursive call is the first operation performed in the function.
5. Tree Recursion: A recursive function that makes multiple recursive calls within the same function, creating a tree-like structure of calls.
6. LINEAR Recursion: A recursive function that makes only one recursive call within the function, creating a linear structure of calls.



12/3/26
LL Questions:
2,19,21,23,24,25,61,82,83.


Did:
Floyd, isCircular, findmiddle, reverse, removeduplicates.
josephus, splitlist.

Circular Linked List:
- A circular linked list is a linked list where the last node points back to the first node, creating a circular structure.
- In a circular linked list, there is no null pointer at the end of the list, and it can be traversed indefinitely.

STACKKKKKKKK:
- A stack is a linear data structure that follows the Last In First Out (LIFO) principle, where the last element added to the stack is the first one to be removed.
- A stack can be implemented using an array or a linked list.

Operations on Stack:
1. Push: Adding an element to the top of the stack.
2. Pop: Removing the top element from the stack.
3. Peek: Viewing the top element of the stack without removing it.
4. isEmpty: Checking if the stack is empty.
5. size: Getting the number of elements in the stack.

Stack<Integer> stack = new Stack<>();
stack.push(10); // Pushes 10 onto the stack

